As you are about see, all bad things are not  so  bad.   They
         often  have an interesting or amusing side.  Looking at the bright
         side of unfortunate situations may cause people to  remember  that
         such bad  things exist yet often  people are in a position  to  do
         something about it.

              Because of our modern diet of food preservatives, undertakers
         have  been noticing that dead people do not deteriorate as fast as
         they once did.

              If a man shaves with a razor he uses more energy than  if  he
         uses  an  electric  shaver because of the power required to purify
         and pump the water through his faucet.

              Every weekday morning,  the  commuters  of  Los  Angeles  use
         250,000  gallons  of  gas  getting  to work.  They drive 5 million
         miles, which would be like one car driving to the moon and back 20
         times, or around the earth 192 times.

              If you were to sort through a typical landfill here  is  what
         you would find:
              41  percent  of  your  trash would be unrecycled paper.  17.9
         percent of the stuff is yard clippings with which you could make a
         fine mulch.  7.9 percent  of  the  trash  is  uneaten  food.   6.5
         percent  of  it  is  plastic that almost never disintegrates.  8.7
         percent is precious metal - primarily aluminum  and  steel.   Wear
         thick  gloves, 8.7 percent of your trash is glass.  9.3 percent is
         rubber, leather, clothing, wood and other trash.

              We are destroying the world's rain forests at the rate of 100
         acres per minute.  An acre is a square 208 feet on a  side.  Forty
         percent  of  the  rain forests are already gone.  Many folks don't
         realize exactly why the forests are being wasted.  One big  reason
         is hamburgers. It is profitable to raise cattle where rain forests
         once  were.  If  we  could  all eat less beef, there would be less
         reason to remove the trees.


